it's over. Which one do you touch?
Has it become smaller and no longer hurt? It has indeed become smaller.
And it doesn’t hurt anymore to touch.
It shows that my method is still effective.
But your situation is a bit complicated. Need to do ritual therapy every day,
Being eaten lasts a month. Then thank you very much.
How about I listen to you start a movie?
Or even eating. Let's eat.
But I'll have to wait another day, I've been a little busy lately.
Then come see me again tomorrow night.
Is it good enough to change the style?
Thank you, Miss Mei. There's something wrong with this kind of person.
Then we need to leave first. What are you doing?